# Zindaiji Visualization Software

## Overview

One of my first tasks when joining the Nakajima Lab was to figure out how to use the visualization software, Zindaiji.  Zindaiji is a powerful particle rendering tool that had previously been used for making data visualizations of the SPH simulations generated in the lab.  However, it was complex to use.  Over the summer of 2024, I spent time teaching myself how to use Zindaiji and documented my findings in a thorough instruction manual for others in the lab to use(see Zindaiji_Visualization_Manual.pdf).  By the end of the summer, I was able to use Zindaiji fluently.  I used the software to visualize a high resolution canonical impact scenario as 3D and cross section animations which are shown in the following section.  Although Zindaiji was extremely powerful and offered significant versatility, it was also prone to crashing and required a complete reformatting of the data frames generated by the SPH code.  Therefore, I wrote my own visualization programs which are simpler to use; these programs can be found in the VisualizationCode folder of this repository.

## Visualizations

My first project was to visualize the canonical impact scenario - a collision theorized to have formed our Moon.  The full animation is too large to include in this file.  Instead, please see the attached link that leads to the Nakajima Lab website, where the video is published (https://www.mikinakajima.com/?wix-vod-video-id=02f84532692049a0bf4be81477cbbf4b&wix-vod-comp-id=comp-jaitj9ht).  This animation was created using Zindaiji and visualizes the entropy distribution during impact.  The data is from Hull et al., 2024.

In addition, I used Zindaiji to generate cross sections of this collision as my second project.  The following animation shows the temperature distribution during impact.  The movie shown below is a slightly sped-up and shortened version of the original video (in order to make the file size small enough to be uploaded here) which was used by Alice Chau, a postdoctoral researcher, for her talk "Super-heated Core in Earth and Terrestrial Planets after Giant Impacts and Its Effects on Magnetic History" at AGU (2024).

<div align = "center">

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b35eb769-d388-40be-987d-6f4ec6642438

</div>






